Updated auto install instructions to match new create-astro wizard (#420)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/install/auto.md

## 1. Run the CLI

> Run the following command in your terminal to start our handy install wizard, `create-astro`. This will walk you through creating your very first Astro project. No need to create a new directory first! You will create a project folder using the wizard.

Author: Perfect, thanks for highlighting that. As someone who NEVER creates a new directory because... that's not how we do it in the cloud.... 😅

pnpm create astro@latest
```

### Confirm Installation of the Setup Wizard

> After confirming (y) to install `create-astro@latest`, you will be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Author: Good idea. Do we know what happens with yarn?? 😅  (I'll rerun both, then update wording something like above.)

> After confirming (y) to install `create-astro@latest`, you will be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Reviewer: No prompt from Yarn either:

```bash
> yarn create astro       
yarn create v1.22.18
[1/4] 🔍  Resolving packages...
[2/4] 🚚  Fetching packages...
[3/4] 🔗  Linking dependencies...
[4/4] 🔨  Building fresh packages...

success Installed "create-astro@0.12.0" with binaries:
      - create-astro
[####################################################] 52/52
Welcome to Astro! (create-astro v0.12.0)
```

> After confirming (y) to install `create-astro@latest`, you will be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Reviewer: So maybe even

> If you’re using `npm`, you will need to confirm that you want to install `create-astro@latest`.

> After confirming (y) to install `create-astro@latest`, you will be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Author: Gotcha, thanks! I'll revisit this section then.

> After confirming (y) to install `create-astro@latest`, you will be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Author: Updated with the "depending on" rather than saying "only npm" as it's a bit more future proof.

### Choose a Starter Template
You will then see a short list of starter templates to choose from: 
- `Just the basics`: A great starter template for anyone wanting to explore Astro.
- `Blog`, `Documentation`, `Portfolio`: opinionated themes for specific use-cases.
- `Completely empty`: A template that just includes the bare minimium to get started.

> Use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate to the template you want to install, then press return (enter) to submit.

Author: This could.  ;)

I'll commit this suggestion, then look at it in preview to decide whether we might also want a light bulb or some other emoji.

To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate and the space bar to toggle selected/unselected. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any items.

When you are satisfied with your selection, press return (enter) to submit. 

>🟢 Selected integrations will display a solid (green) circle. (All integrations are **unselected by default**.) 
>
>⚠️ If every item is unselected, then no integrations will be added at this time. 

These integrations, and any [Astro community integrations](https://astro.build/integrations), can also be added later by following the instructions in our [integrations guide](/en/guides/integrations-guide).

### See Your Astro Config File

After selecting your integrations to add, you should see the following terminal message followed by **the entire contents of the `astro.config.mjs` file** that Astro will include with your project:

```bash
Astro will make the following changes to your config file:
```

> At this time, you can verify that any integrations have been added to your project configuation, as well as any required `install` actions have run.

Reviewer: I’m not entirely sold on this section. At this point in following the guide, the CLI had logged the changes it had made to the config file, but is still asking me a question (about initializing a git repo).

This heading made me think I needed to maybe open the config file somehow. (After all that’s what you do with files.) I wonder if the heading is not needed and we could just inform the user that they’ll see any changes that the wizard has made logged to their terminal.

Author: (This ended up waaaay below, but I did make a change here.)

### Initialize a .git Repository (optional)

> At the final step of the wizard, you will now be offered to initialize a git repository in your new directory, if you plan to use the tool [Git](https://git-scm.com/) in your project. This is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the final step of the wizard, you will now be offered to initialize a git repository in your new directory. This is optional, but useful if you plan to use the tool [Git](https://git-scm.com/) for your project.
```

Author: Yes, much better, though I'm not much liking the stiltedness of my "At the final step of the wizard, you will now be offered to..." (ugh.) So, this makes it better, but I'll make the whole thing better in another pass, too.  :P

Author: reworded.

### Next Steps

> When the `create-astro` install wizard is complete, you should see some recommended instructions ("Next Steps") on your screen to follow that will help you complete setup and start your new project. (e.g. `cd my-astro-site && npm run dev`)

Reviewer: I might skip the example command as it’s something to get out of date if the CLI is updated and is likely not to be correct for a given user whose directory or package manager is different.

```suggestion
When the `create-astro` install wizard is complete, you should see some recommended instructions ("Next Steps") on your screen to follow that will help you complete setup and start your new project.
```

> ## 2. Install Dependencies

Reviewer: I’m not a huge fan of the fact that this appears as a super important **STEP 2**, but is likely to be unnecessary for (most?) people who installed dependencies while running the wizard. But I don’t really know what to do about it? Except maybe, remove this and don’t mention that the install step is optional in the wizard? What are the scenarios I’m missing where you’d really want to avoid having dependencies installed for you?

Author: I'm with you on that. I thought about (but didn't serious consider) MAKE SURE YOUR DEPS ARE INSTALLED as a Step 2. 😅 

It's obviously an artifact from when the wizard did NOT offer to install for you. And, given that it is an optional step in the wizard... it sort of does need to be mentioned, and mentioned in this order. (Maybe not as its own step, granted. But if it's part of step one, then step one is BIG and all the other steps are ... not!)

I could not mention that the install step is optional, but simply not mentioning it doesn't prevent someone from possibly ending up here without having any dependencies installed.  😄 

So... still thinking about this one! And, happy for more ideas!

Reviewer: Absolutely — agree that the head-in-sand strategy may not always be effective 😆 

I think maybe you’re right that if this is the last sub-step of 1, it’s importance will be reduced.

Also maybe at that point it’s worth rethinking if we need the numbering at all?

Author: Ooh, I love out-of-the-box rethinks!

Sometimes I forget that I'm ALLOWED TO REWRITE THINGS... not just edit them up.  😅

Author: My brain can't handle un-numbering right now (and note to self, if we DO, then we have to go back to Manual install and NOT say "go to step 3"), so for this version anyway, I'm going to leave them numbered!

Prepared to revisit if people complain.

pnpm create astro@latest
```

Depending on your package manager, you may be prompted to confirm you want to install `create-astro@latest`. You will then be asked to specify a project folder (e.g. `./my-astro-site`) which will create a new directory.

### Choose a Starter Template
You will then see a short list of starter templates to choose from: 
- `Just the basics`: A great starter template for anyone wanting to explore Astro.
- `Blog`, `Documentation`, `Portfolio`: opinionated themes for specific use-cases.
- `Completely empty`: A template that just includes the bare minimium to get started.

> Use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate to the template you want to install, then press return (enter) to submit.

Author: Locally, the keyboard tags render just fine for me, so I'll make this change and then check the Netlify deploy preview. I can revert if necessary.

> Use the arrow keys <kbd>Up</kbd> and <kbd>Down</kdb> to navigate to the template you want to install, then press <kdb>Enter</kdb> to submit.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the arrow keys (<kbd>Up</kbd> and <kbd>Down</kdb>) to navigate to the template you want to install, then press <kdb>Enter</kdb> to submit.
```

> Use the arrow keys (<kbd>Up</kbd> and <kbd>Down</kdb>) to navigate to the template you want to install, then press <kdb>Enter</kdb> to submit.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the arrow keys (<kbd>Up</kbd> and <kbd>Down</kbd>) to navigate to the template you want to install, then press <kdb>Enter</kdb> to submit.
```

> Want to check out the templates in your browser before choosing? Visit [astro.new](https://astro.new/)

### Install Dependencies (optional)
The wizard will offer to run an `install` command for you at this time, which is optional.

> If you do not do so at this time, you will need to [install dependencies](/en/install/auto#2-install-dependencies) after the wizard has finished, before starting your project.

### Install any Official Astro Integrations (optional)
You will be given the option at this time to add any [additional UI frameworks](/en/core-concepts/framework-components) (React, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Preact, Lit) and then other Astro official integrations (Tailwind, Turbolinks, Partytown, Sitemap) by running `astro add --yes`

> To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate and the space bar to toggle selected/unselected. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any items.

Author: Someone help me here, did we have an issue trying to use the `<kbd>` tags on the docs site before? I have this vague recollection that we did have an issue with this? @aFuzzyBear , have you tried this locally?

> To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate and the space bar to toggle selected/unselected. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any items.

Reviewer: I don’t think we have styles set up for `<kbd>`. But we could add them!

> To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate and the space bar to toggle selected/unselected. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any items.

Author: @delucis I tried locally, and while it didn't super look like keyboard keys, it at least didn't break anything. Any problems if I commit these tags, and we set up those tags in parallel?

> To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate and the space bar to toggle selected/unselected. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any items.

Author: Found this lying around the webz:|

kbd {
    background-color: #eee;
    border-radius: 3px;
    border: 1px solid #b4b4b4;
    box-shadow: 0 1px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, .2), 0 2px 0 0 rgba(255, 255, 255, .7) inset;
    color: #333;
    display: inline-block;
    font-size: .85em;
    font-weight: 700;
    line-height: 1;
    padding: 2px 4px;
    white-space: nowrap;
   }

> To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (up and down) to navigate and the space bar to toggle selected/unselected. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any items.

Author: ```suggestion
To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (<kbd>up</kbd> and <kbd>down</kbd>) to navigate and the <kbd>Spacebar</kbd> to toggle between selected states. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any integrations.
```

> When you are satisfied with your selection, press return (enter) to submit. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you are satisfied with your selection, press <kdb>Enter</kdb> to submit. 
```

>🟢 Selected integrations will display a solid (green) circle. (All integrations are **unselected by default**.) 
>

> >⚠️ If every item is unselected, then no integrations will be added at this time. 

Reviewer 3: Sorry to be obtuse... but this feels like a bit _too_ much detail. I feel like we kinda failed if our UI needs this much explanation 😆 Would it be fair to remove this?

Reviewer 2: that is some acute reasoning

Author: We did just have a request for pretty much this. . . so I put it in, because it's easier for y'all to tell me to take it out!

Author: I think I can tidy the rest up on my own, but I would like us to decide together if this superflous (but pretty! and green!) bit stays in. 

I'm happy to go with the will of the group, but if left to my own devices, I'd keep it in until I changed my mind. 
@bholmesdev wants it out. 
@aFuzzyBear made a joke without explicitly stating a preference, 
and I'd like @delucis to weigh in.

While I'm waiting for this to resolve itself, I'll make everyone else's edits to taste. Thanks again, everyone!! :heart:

Reviewer: I’m torn on this. When I first saw this I also thought this might be more detail than necessary, but I’ve also seen a few people in support tripped up by space vs enter and what is selected/unselected. So maybe the problem _is_ with the UI? 😅 

Is there a prompt after this selection step? Something like “You didn’t select any integrations? Is that correct? (y/n)” or “You selected react and turbolinks. Is that correct? (y/n)”.

That would give users a chance to double back and make this specific advice less important.

Reviewer 2: If I was to sine off on this off, it would be to have it removed. Simply because its opposite to the hypotenuse of dx of the CLI tool.

Author: I am content to have it be recorded in the annals of commit history that I went down fighting for the confused. Taking it out now.

These integrations, and any [Astro community integrations](https://astro.build/integrations), can also be added later by following the instructions in our [integrations guide](/en/guides/integrations-guide).

> After selecting your integrations to add, you should see the following terminal message followed by **the entire contents of the `astro.config.mjs` file** that Astro will include with your project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After selecting any integrations you wish to add, you should see the following terminal message notifying you of the changes that `create-astro` will apply to your project's `astro.config.mjs`:
```

Author: "wish" is you being you again, Fuzzy. :smile:  That doesn't really match the style of the rest of the docs. But I like the rest of it.

> After selecting your integrations to add, you should see the following terminal message followed by **the entire contents of the `astro.config.mjs` file** that Astro will include with your project:

Author: ```suggestion
After selecting your integrations to add, you should see the following terminal message notifying you of the changes that `create-astro` will apply to your project's `astro.config.mjs`:
```

```bash
Astro will make the following changes to your config file:
```

> At this time, you can verify that any integrations have been added to your project configuation, as well as any required `install` actions have run.

Author: ```suggestion
This message should show that your chosen integrations have been successfully added to your project configuation. (If not, you can always add them manually later.)
```

Author: @delucis What do you think of the changes here? (Removing a sub-heading so it doesn't look like just seeing a message is an "instruction to follow", and making it more explicit that you're just using the message to look over what has actually happened?)

> This message should show that your chosen integrations have been successfully added to your project configuation. (If not, you can always add them manually later.)

Reviewer: Looks good! Just a typo:

```suggestion
This message should show that your chosen integrations have been successfully added to your project configuration. (If not, you can always add them manually later.)
```

> This message should show that your chosen integrations have been successfully added to your project configuration. (If not, you can always add them manually later.)

Reviewer 2: Im not sure about this yin,

Author: Can you let me know what you're not sure about? I intended it as a "if you look here, you'll be able to tell integrations were added. If you don't see the things you think you added, you can go back and do it later" to deal with the issue that we still have people thinking they've installed integrations when they haven't. So not only is this a prompt to look for that, but also reassurance that it's fixable.

Do you think this isn't necessary at all? Do you think it's unclear? Just let me know!

### Initialize a .git Repository (optional)

> At the final step of the wizard, you will now be offered to initialize a git repository in your new directory, if you plan to use the tool [Git](https://git-scm.com/) in your project. This is optional.

Author: ```suggestion
At this final step, you can choose to initialize a git repository in your new directory. This is optional, but useful if you plan to use the tool [Git](https://git-scm.com/) for your project.
```

> At this final step, you can choose to initialize a git repository in your new directory. This is optional, but useful if you plan to use the tool [Git](https://git-scm.com/) for your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this final step, you can choose to initialize a `git` repository in your new directory. This is optional, but useful if you plan to use [Git](https://git-scm.com/) within your project.
```

Author: "git" doesn't seem to be in code tags on most other sites I checked, and I have it on good authorithy that "for" is correct.  :)  So, I'm making the call here.

### Next Steps

When the `create-astro` install wizard is complete, you should see some recommended instructions ("Next Steps") on your screen to follow that will help you complete setup and start your new project.

## 2. Install Dependencies
 

> If you did not install your project's dependencies using the wizard, you will now need to do so using a package manager like npm:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you did not install your project's dependencies using the wizard, you will now need to do so using your prefered package manager :
```

Reviewer 3: ☝️ type on "preferred" and stray space on "manager :"

> If you did not install your project's dependencies using the wizard, you will now need to do so using a package manager like npm:

Author: ```suggestion
If you did not install your project's dependencies using the wizard, you will now need to do so using your preferred package manager:
```

pnpm create astro@latest
```

> After confirming (y) to install `create-astro@latest`, you will be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on your package manager, you may be prompted to confirm you want to install `create-astro@latest`. You will then be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)
```

> Depending on your package manager, you may be prompted to confirm you want to install `create-astro@latest`. You will then be prompted to specify a project folder. (e.g. `./my-astro-site`)

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on your package manager, you may be prompted to confirm you want to install `create-astro@latest`. You will then be asked to specify a project folder (e.g. `./my-astro-site`) which will create a new directory.
```

> Want to check out the templates in your browser before choosing? Visit [astro.new](https://astro.new/)

### Install Dependencies (optional)
The wizard will offer to run an `install` command for you at this time, which is optional.

> If you do not do so at this time, you will need to [install dependencies](/en/install/auto#2-install-dependencies) after the wizard has finished, before starting your project.

### Install any Official Astro Integrations (optional)
You will be given the option at this time to add any [additional UI frameworks](/en/core-concepts/framework-components) (React, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Preact, Lit) and then other Astro official integrations (Tailwind, Turbolinks, Partytown, Sitemap) by running `astro add --yes`

To select which Astro integrations, if any, you would like to include in your project, use the arrow keys (<kbd>Up</kbd> and <kbd>Down</kbd>) to navigate and the <kbd>Spacebar</kbd> to toggle between selected states. You can select multiple items at once, or you can continue without selecting any integrations.

When you are satisfied with your selection, press <kdb>Enter</kdb> to submit. 

> >🟢 Selected integrations will display a solid (green) circle. (All integrations are **unselected by default**.) 

Author: ```suggestion
```

>⚠️ If every item is unselected, then no integrations will be added at this time. 

These integrations, and any [Astro community integrations](https://astro.build/integrations), can also be added later by following the instructions in our [integrations guide](/en/guides/integrations-guide).

> ### See Your Astro Config File

Author: ```suggestion
```

pnpm create astro@latest
```

> ### Confirm Installation of the Setup Wizard

Author: ```suggestion
```
